rm text, backed by Keycloak internally (#206)
stargate/docs: modules/developers-guide/pages/authnz.adoc

`X-Cassandra-Token` for either cURL commands using the REST or Document API, or
for GraphQL mutations.

> TIP: You can define roles and permissions in the https:///astra.datastax.com[Astra DB console]. Astra DB is DataStax's cloud-native database.

Reviewer: I think this edit loses some important context for the tip. How about this?
```suggestion
TIP: If you are using Stargate as part of DataStax's Astra DB cloud-native database, roles and permissions are defined in the https://astra.datastax.com/[Astra console].
```

Also, you have three slashes in your link URL.
